OK,
guys.
Now there is one drawback in coding the way we've been code in so far.
If we have a look at our formulas,
I'm just gonna the the Project Explorer Andi View groups view Properties Window back in.
Let me just resize that they go that sound normal view now There is one problem in doing it
the way we've done it.
At the moment when we've recorded a macro,
we automatically get sub the name of our macro,
and if we type over it,
we can call it what we want or by default.
It will be macro 12 or three.
Then we record another macron.
We get sub on again and again and again and n sub now.
So far,
so good.
But what if the code that it lives between the sub and n sub is specific to one sheet?
That is,
it's geared to work precisely on this sheet,
but perhaps not on this sheet.
Well,
we have a problem because at the moment we haven't explicitly referenced any sheet,
and that's OK because at the moment our code is generic and it work with all sheets.
But any use that who knows anything about X.
L could easily click up to the developer Tab,
Run over to Mac Rose amigo.
This is exactly what they'll see.
You'll see.
We have a clear formatting subroutine.
We have a highlight,
my formula subroutine.
And we have a join these together subroutine.
Now what we actually want them to be able to see is just the joint these together,
we want to stop them having access to run this Uprooting on its own on this subroutine on
its own.
And that's really simple to do.
What we do is gonna were gonna come before the words sub,
and we're gonna type the word private notice I have typed in lower case and you have to
have a space between private and sub.
And then when I click off notice what happens to the P Private is capitalized and it's gone
blue on.
I want to do exactly the same down here.
So I'm just going tight private.
And when I click off they go.
It's capitalized p and turned blue because private is a reserved word in vb ages like sub.
And now when I come back to excel,
I can happily click on my Mac Rose and you'll see that Although those two subroutines are
still there,
they are now private and therefore hidden from the macro playback window.
So all the users conduce display this one.
Let me just manually on hide that so you can see that it did work.
No film.
I need to highlight the entire sheet.
I'm useless without code.
So now if the user goes into here hits the Mac rose on hits run,
boom.
It works perfectly,
but they won't be able to call this routine or this routine because they are now private.
Note the venters,
um,
stuff this subroutine from calling them It just hides them from the macro run window in
excel.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.